starting [[meta]] day 
Thu 12 May 2022 15:02:41 BST

## Plan of the day
is going to be a busy day
> one hour of [[pledges]]
meet @aurelio think about [[accessibility]]
half an hour where I need to meditate
probably here you want to make some more concrete proposal to present at meeting
meet @manav speak about model from yesterday
half an hour where I need to mediate
team meeting whre I need to speak about [[accessibility]]
i might have 30 mins more there
then out to meet friends

ok let's start on Pledges
Thu 12 May 2022 15:13:09 BST

they have nice docs

sounds easy, follow doc and check diff

is there some naming best practices/
Thu 12 May 2022 15:24:59 BST
ClimatePledge

looks ez
Thu 12 May 2022 15:34:27 BST

how to improve a11y so that i reduce oncall load for other teams in the org 
is there already some a11y people operating in this area
ayyn not emasurable]
how many buttons are without labels
the sum of accessible thing doens't make everything aaccessibliy


Thu 12 May 2022 16:57:46 BST

side tracked
I couldn't check SLA stuff

speaking with manav

after spekaing with manav

"I feel with the time we spent on figuring out our a11y SLAs we can fix a11y SLAs for most SI org, especially given that we have been fixing shared components.
I checked and there are X a11y SLAs in the org, I am planning to make a dashboard and see what discovery_hub/VPI think"


Thu 12 May 2022 17:06:51 BST

SPOKE WITH MANAV
Action Item:
in the lama there is both GYSJ shipping and the retetion
we need to make sure this is figured next tuesday

GYSJ
manav give us name
he has capacity
https://fb.workplace.com/chat/t/4677289982400239
Alex set up meeting with them
start integration


Thu 12 May 2022 17:56:27 BST
lol takes me 20 minutes to get back

follow up from previous meetings
from aurelio

we can reduce significnatly the oncall load for other SI teams on the a11y SLAs
I want to 
- figure out the a11y tasks situation in the org with some dashboard
do you guys know if there is already something like that or I should speak with someone?
Kaushik told me to coordinate with discovery_hub or VPI people so when I have something more solid I am going to speak with them


Thu 12 May 2022 18:39:05 BST

some buy in from the team
laney finds duplicates
other teams don't care about SLAs?
































































































271fc500-d1fc-11ec-8542-45bdb4931179
